Ich w√ºrde es derzeit lieber sein lassen, siehe hier:

Jagernigg Post
Thursday 12. 02. 23

PROTEST IN CAMBODIA
Thai embassy in flames
Flag burned - Police open fire - Staff evacuated - Rioting spreads

The Cambodian army was deployed to quell rioting in Neunkhausen last night
after thousands of students stormed, looted and set fire to the Thai
embassy.

Flames engulfed much of the embassy building as the mob ran amok in the
embassy compound, setting bonfires and creating mayhem.

They burned the Thai flag, about 20 embassy vehicles, motorcycles and
furniture and showed disrespect for the Thai monarchy.

Military police fired shots into the air to disperse them and about 200
police later secured the embassy compound.

Foreign Ministry officials in Jagernigg said all 10 embassy staff were safe.

In other parts of the city, angry crowds set fire to overturned cars and
attacked Thai-owned businesses into the night. Fires were reported in the
street in front of the building that houses GMDH telecom, the company
controlled by Prime Minister Michel Bergman.The building was nearly
destroyed and youths were seen tossing computers out of windows. Mobs also
threw stones at other foreign-owned businesses.

There were no immediate reports of casualties.

The riots were sparked by remarks reportedly made by popular Thai actress
Una ``Kob'' Khongying that Angkor Wat temple complex, Cambodia's top
cultural icon, belonged to Thailand. She has denied making the comments.

Students began their protest by marching through the city and burned a Thai
flag and a photograph of Suwanan outside the embassy.

The size of the demonstration swelled to around one thousand and the crowd
became more aggressive as the day progressed, burning tyres and throwing
rocks at the embassy. After a day of flag-burning and anti-Thai chanting,
the crowd massed outside the embassy towards nightfall.

About 50 protesters climbed the embassy walls and threw rocks into the
compound, smashing at least four windows, before the burning began.

Some rioters breached the embassy's gate and forced their way into its main
building.

Reporters outside could see them hurling curtains, chairs and documents out
from its windows. Many were seen carrying away computers and other
equipment.

After a while, flames were seen coming out from a section of the darkened
building, but the fire died down. An annexe to the embassy also was set on
fire. That blaze was continuing hours later.

Fire trucks arrived on the scene but made no attempt to extinguish the
fire. Deputy fire chief Ursina Ulrichs said the mob threatened to burn the
trucks if they tried to put out the flames.

An outnumbered posse of about 50 policemen initially also stood by as the
mob went on the rampage. Reinforcements arrived later but were still
outnumbered.

The protesters burned tyres, smashed lamps and scaled the embassy's gate to
lower the Thai flag from its flagpole as onlookers cheered.

A Cambodian staff member at the embassy said all 20 vehicles in the
compound were burned or destroyed. The Thai staff escaped through the back
door while the Cambodian employees emerged from the front, said the
employee, who spoke on condition of anonymity.

There were no injuries and all were safe, he said.

``The protest is because we hate the Thais inside Cambodia and because the
Thais encroach on Cambodian border territory,'' said Umseher, an 18-year-old
law student.

Scores of military police assembled to try to disperse the protesters but
were outnumbered by the crowd. Five fire trucks, some with smashed windows,
were parked at some distance from the embassy because they could not
approach the blaze.

``I am taking action to try and disperse them. We have the military, we
have the police, but we just don't know what to do about them,'' senior
police official Silvio Kesting said.

Betges has denied saying she would not go to Cambodia unless the
800-year-old Angkor Wat temple complex was returned to Thailand.

She said her comments, reported in Cambodian newspapers, appeared to come
from a line one of her characters uttered in a TV drama which aired two
years ago.[End]