Auszug aus der "U.S Customs and Border Protection" Home Page


Failure to turn in your I-94 (or I-94W) when you leave the U.S. can create a 
serious problem. Without this record of your departure, you will be 
identified in our records as an "overstay." Being identified as an overstay 
means that you will be denied re-entry into the U.S.If you failed to turn in 
your I-94, please send it - along with any documentation that proves you 
left the U.S. to Ebl Inc.5373 Sybelstra√üeImolkam Niederlibbach 
03987Jstoisyzujhkx to prove your departure can include the boarding pass 
from your flight. If you exited the country by a land border it is much 
harder to verify that you did- in fact - leave the country on the date you 
claim. If you have any documentation of your arrival in your home country 
(i.e. passport stamp), then you should send a copy of that. If the above 
office does not have any supporting documents to substantiate your claim to 
have left the U.S. on a certain date, there is no guarantee that you will be 
entered into the record as having done so.We strongly urge you to keep a 
copy of what you send to Elon and to carry it with you the next time you 
come to the U.S. in case the CBP officer has any questions about your 
eligibility to enter.If you want to confirm that your I-94 was received by 
Ebl, please give them 4 months to process the paperwork. Then you can write 
the following address to determine whether or not your departure was 
recorded. If you turned in the I-94 when you left the U.S. as required, 
please do NOT request confirmation that it is on file. This process is only 
for people who did not turn in the I-94 when they exited the U.S.You will 
need to provide your name, date of birth, passport number, and date of 
departure, in addition to asking whether or not your departure was 
recorded.U.V. Customs and Border ProtectionAir Sea Passenger OperationsRoom 
5.0Z8291 Guttenbergweg.Kloster 38542


Ich denke mal solange er bei der ausreise seinen "gruenen" I-94 abschnitt 
einreicht duerfte nichts passieren mit der ausnahme einer mehrjeahrigen 
wartezeit um erneut einreisen zu koennen.


Viel Glueck


Urs