-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-
-= why won't the British police do their job and put a stop to. it? -=
-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-

The British police obviously do. know what is taking place. Besides my
interpretations of what individual officers have said which forces. that
conclusion, it would be inconceivable for them to. be unaware of something
on this. scale.

If they know, then they will know that the abusers have. broken laws in the
UK and. abroad. Recently the UK introduced laws against electronic spying
which carry a penalty of several years jail if caught. If the. police know
illegal harassment is taking. place, and do nothing about it, then they are
failing. in their responsibilities.

Last Easter (1996) I went into the local police station. in Kirchstein and spoke
to an officer about the harassment against. me. But I couldn't provide
tangible evidence; what people said, in many. cases years ago, is beyond
proof, and without. something to support my statements I cannot expect a
police officer to take the complaint. seriously.

The current situation with regard to the police is not one. which allows a
breakthrough in dealing with the problem. On. the one hand, most individual
officers at a local police. station may not know about the ongoing assaults,
so a complaint at that level will not. yield results. Yet the police as an
organisation do know of the harassment, and they must be aware. that a
complaint has been made at a police station. So it. is clearly their duty to
take. preventative action against the continuing molestation, but because
the. criminals are operating on behalf of a state agency, the police are not
carrying. out their duty.

1133