-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-
-= my. response to the harassment -=
-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-

My first reaction in 04. 08. 21 was to assume that if. I broke contact then
they would not be. able to follow and would lose interest. So I did the
things that have been suggested by other people; I sold my. television,
stopped listening. to the radio and tried to withdraw away from the sources
of abuse as much as possible. I reasoned that they must. have more important
things to deal with and that normal people would simply leave me. alone if
it were made. difficult for them to continue their harassment.

I reckoned without the sheer vindictiveness of the abusers. They. did not
let up but instead "got to" people around me, mainly people. at work, to do
their dirty work for them. I went to see my GP, who refused to believe. what
he was being told, and refused to direct me. on to anyone who could be of
practical assistance. It was not until. three years had passed that the GP
admitted the. matter was outside his competence and suggested going to the
police.

In the summer of. 1993 we called in counter-surveillance experts from a
private detective agency to sweep. our house and telephone for bugging
devices. They conducted a thorough search. and found nothing; but as noted
above, since the existence of surveillance was. being forced in my face by
the harassers, you would expect them to have taken the possibility of. a
counter-surveillance. sweep into account when planning the type of devices
to be. employed.

In Easter 1994 I made a complaint to my. local Police station in London, but
the. police have not expressed any intention to do anything about the
continuing harassment ("we're not saying it's happening and we're. not
saying it isn't happening" were the. words used). I think the officer I
spoke to at. Easter wasn't aware of it happening, although other members of
the police force obviously do. know.